> Proxychains is a tool used for routing network traffic through proxy servers. It is often used by security professionals, researchers, and hackers to anonymize their network traffic and bypass network restrictions.

> Proxychains works by intercepting network traffic generated by applications on the local system and redirecting it through a series of proxy servers before reaching its destination. This allows users to hide their real IP address and location from the destination server, making it more difficult to trace their activities back to them.
> Here's a basic overview of how Proxychains works:

1. **Configuration**: Proxychains is configured using a configuration file typically located at `/etc/proxychains.conf` on Linux systems. This file contains settings for specifying proxy servers and their corresponding ports.
    
2. **Usage**: To use Proxychains, you simply prepend the `proxychains` command to the command you want to run. For example:
    
    
    `proxychains curl https://example.com`
    
    This command would use Proxychains to route the `curl` command's network traffic through the proxy servers specified in the configuration file before reaching `https://example.com`.
    
3. **Dynamic Chaining**: Proxychains supports dynamic chaining, allowing users to specify a chain of multiple proxy servers to route their traffic through. This can further anonymize network traffic and make it more difficult to trace.
    
4. **Supported Protocols**: Proxychains supports a variety of network protocols, including HTTP, HTTPS, SOCKS4, and SOCKS5. This makes it versatile and suitable for a wide range of applications and use cases.

## Setup
To setup proxychains, as it is pre-installed in kali linux.

```
nano /etc/proxychains4.conf
```

if not added then add a line: **socks4 127.0.0.1 9050** and save it.

